SPCTR-3167: Fix - How To block heading responsive font-size issue (#3466)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### x.x.x ###

> * Fix: How To - Resolved an issue in which heading responsive font-size would not work as intended. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: How To - Resolved an issue in which the responsive heading font-sizes would not work as intended. 
```

Author: Done.
